feat: allow close icon to persist when zoomed in (#71)
jobtoday/react-native-image-viewing: README.md

| `doubleTapToZoomEnabled` | Zoom image by double tap on it: default `true`                                                      | boolean                                                     | false    |
| `HeaderComponent`        | Header component, gets current `imageIndex` as a prop                                               | component, function                                         | false    |
| `FooterComponent`        | Footer component, gets current `imageIndex` as a prop                                               | component, function                                         | false    |

> | `hideCloseButtonOnZoom`  | Disable hiding the close button on zoom: default `true`                                             | boolean                                                     | false    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hideCloseButtonOnZoom`  | Hide the close button on zoom: default `true`                                             | boolean                                                     | false    |
```
